Add inspect_all for dandisets section (auto-path inference) (#270)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector: docs/user_guide/using_the_library.rst

.. _simple_streaming_api:

Inspect a DANDI set (ROS3)
--------------------------

It is a common use case to want to inspect and review entire datasets of NWB files that have already been

> uploaded to the :dandi-archive:`DANDI Archive <>`. While it is possible to simply download the entire DANDI set to your local computer and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uploaded to the :dandi-archive:`DANDI Archive <>`. While it is possible to simply download the entire dandiset to your local computer and
```

run the NWB Inspector as usual, there is an alternative which is less expensive in terms of bandwith. This can be especially
useful when the DANDI set is large and impractical to download in full, such as one that is multiple terabytes in total size.

> A general tutorial for using the :code:`ros3` driver can be found in the :ros3-tutorial:`PyNWB documentation <>` - however, the NWB Inspector has automated functionality for resolving the technical identification of assets such that the only piece of information needed is the six-digit DANDI set identifier...

Reviewer: careful with the word "however". I don't think it's appropriate in this case.

Author: Fixed

.. code-block:: python

    from nwbinspector import inspect_all

    dandiset_id = "..."  # for example, 000004

    messages = list(inspect_all(nwbfile_path=dandiset_id, stream=True))

> If there are multiple versions of the DANDI set available (*e.g.*, separate 'draft' and 'published' versions) you can additionally specify this with the ``version_id`` argument...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are multiple versions of the dandiset available (*e.g.*, separate 'draft' and 'published' versions) you can additionally specify this with the ``version_id`` argument...
```
